I want this wedding dress
What I just said is very clear
If I delay my marriage, I will pay 5 million
Yeah, 5 million out
Can I give you this wedding dress?
5 million not money for us
It's not bullying
Liu Junyan and Wang Leyao
You weren't like this when our Fang family didn't crash
Are you getting less benefits in our house?
Fanglin people
It's about self-awareness.
Is your Fang family in trouble?
That's what you're looking for.
Who let you eat bear heart and leopard gall?
Did you offend Master Chen?
You'd better not be too arrogant
In the end, what if it ends up like Fangling?
There's nowhere to cry
I don't need your help.
I don't need you to pity me
Isn't it just losing money?
I'll pay you.
This is a courtesy gift from my father
Value 8 million
Enough to accompany you
you